Add docs for sharding XCUITest (#2001)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/xcuitest.md

---

### `shard`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> When shard is configured as concurrency, saucectl automatically splits the tests by concurrency so that they can run in parallel.

Reviewer: Taken over from https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress/yaml/v1/#shard for consistency in writing.

```suggestion
When shard is configured as `concurrency`, saucectl automatically splits the tests into several groups (the number of groups is determined by the concurrency setting). Each group will then run as an individual job.
```

Selectable values: `concurrency` to shard by concurrency. Remove this field or leave it empty `""` for no sharding.

:::note
When shard is set for a suite, the [class](#class) setting is automatically ignored.
:::

```yaml
suites:
  - name: "I am sharded"
    shard: concurrency
```
---

### `testListFile`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

The file containing tests is used in sharding by concurrency.

> 

Reviewer: Should the file format be described here? If not, where can the user find it? If the user searches for this field within the docs, they'll ask themselves that question and start looking around the page.

Author: Ok. Will add it.

---

### `shard`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

When shard is configured as `concurrency`, saucectl automatically splits the tests into several groups (the number of groups is determined by the concurrency setting). Each group will then run as an individual job.

Selectable values: `concurrency` to shard by concurrency. Remove this field or leave it empty `""` for no sharding.

:::note
When shard is set for a suite, the [class](#class) setting is automatically ignored.
:::

```yaml
suites:
  - name: "I am sharded"
    shard: concurrency
```
---

### `testListFile`

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

The file containing a list of tests is used in sharding by concurrency. It's a `txt` file and each line contains a test. Click [Sharding XCUITest introduction](./xcuitest-introduction.md#sharding-xcuitest) to see how to generate this file.

```
test1
test2

> test3

Reviewer: I know I listed this as an example myself in the Jira ticket, but for external purposes (and easier understanding), it'd be good to use a more descriptive approach. Since these are classes, and also methods, right?, it'd be good to list them as such here. Just more illustrative of how it's supposed to look like in the end.
